1-Owning our story can be hard but not nearly as difficult as spending our lives running from it. Embracing our vulnerabilities is risky but not nearly as dangerous as giving up on love and belonging and joy—the experiences that make us the most
vulnerable. Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light.

2-How much we know and understand ourselves is critically important, but there is something that is even more essential to living a Wholehearted life: loving ourselves.

3-Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we will ever do.

4-Wholehearted living is about engaging in our lives from a place of worthiness. It means cultivating
the courage, compassion, and connection to wake up in the morning and think, No matter what gets
done and how much is left undone, I am enough. It’s going to bed at night thinking, Yes, I am imperfect
and vulnerable and sometimes afraid, but that doesn’t change the truth that I am also brave and
worthy of love and belonging.

5-Love is the most important thing in our lives,
a passion for which we would fight or die, and yet we’re
reluctant to linger over its names. Without a supple
vocabulary, we can’t even talk or think about it directly.

6-We cultivate love when we allow our most vulnerable and powerful selves to be deeply seen and known, and when we honor the spiritual connection that grows from that offering with trust, respect, kindness, and affection.

7-Love is not something we give or get; it is something that we nurture and grow, a connection that can only be cultivated between two people when it exists within each one of them—we can only love others as much as we love ourselves.

8-Shame, blame, disrespect, betrayal, and the withholding of affection damage the roots from which love grows. Love can only survive these injuries if they are acknowledged, healed, and rare.

9-Belonging is the innate human desire to be part of something larger than us. Because this yearning is so primal, we often try to acquire it by fitting in and by seeking approval, which are not only hollow substitutes for belonging, but often barriers to
it. Because true belonging only happens when we present our authentic, imperfect selves to the world, our sense of belonging can never be greater than our level of self-acceptance.

10-To begin by always thinking of love as an action rather than a feeling is one way in which anyone using the word in this manner automatically assumes accountability and responsibility

11-Certainly, the people we love inspire us to heights of love and compassion that we might have never achieved otherwise, but to really scale those heights, we often have to go to the depths of who we are, light/shadow, good/evil, loving/destructive, and figure
out our own stuff in order to love them better. So I’m not sure it’s an either/or but a both/and. We love others fiercely, maybe more than we think we love ourselves, but that fierce love should drive us to the depths of our selves so that we can learn to be
compassionate with ourselves

12-Spirituality is recognizing and celebrating that we are all inextricably connected to each other by a power greater than all of us, and that our connection to that power and to one another is grounded in love and compassion. Practicing spirituality
brings a sense of perspective, meaning, and purpose to our lives.

13-The dark does not destroy the light; it defines it. It’s our fear of the dark that casts our joy into the shadows.

14-For me, and for many of us, our first wak ing thought of the day is “I didn’t get enough sleep.” The next one is “I don’t have enough time.” Whether true or not, that thought of not enough occurs to us automatically before we even think to question or examine
it. We spend most of the hours and the days of our lives hearing, explaining, complaining, or worrying about what we don’t have enough of … We don’t have enough exercise. We don’t have enough work . We don’t have enough profits. We don’t have enough
power. We don’t have enough wilderness. We don’t have enough week ends. Of course, we don’t have enough money—ever.
We’re not thin enough, we’re not smart enough, we’re not pretty enough or fit enough or educated or successful enough, or rich enough—ever. Before we even sit up in bed, before our feet touch the floor, we’re already inadequate, already behind, already
losing, already lack ing something. And by the time we go to bed at night, our minds race with a litany of what we didn’t get, or didn’t get done, that day. We go to sleep burdened by those thoughts and wak e up to the reverie of lack … What begins as a simple
expression of the hurried life, or even the challenged life, grows into the great justification for an unfulfilled life.

15-Faith is a place of mystery, where we find the courage to believe in what we cannot see and the strength to let go of our fear of uncertainty.

16-Happiness comes in waves, it'll find you again one day

17-Sometimes you just have to breathe and tell yourself it’s okay, even when it's not 

18-Be so happy that when people look at you, they become happy too.

19-Don’t chase people who don’t care about losing you

20-They're toxic right? But were they toxic before you hurt them? Were they toxic before you lied to them? Were they toxic before you took advantage of the trust they had for you? Were they toxic when they kept forgiving you for hurting them over and over?

21-and continue to them. And make them question their worth, Then you expect them to be the same person they were in the beginning? The moral of the story, be a good person, and love everyone.

22-The wound is the place where the light enters you.


23-How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.”

24-Change is the constant, the signal for rebirth, the egg of the phoenix

25-An open ear is the only believable sign of an open heart. 

26-You will never be who you want to be, until you are happy with who you are. 

27-As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.

28-Just remember, when you think all is lost, the future remains.

29-The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose.

30-It's better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.

31-See the light in others and treat them as if that is all you see. - Wayne Dyer

32-We can do more good by being good, than in any other way.- Rowland Hill

33-It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. - Marianne Williamson

34-Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality. - Earl Nightingale

35-Be sad about missing sunsets not people

36-Tomorrow will be beautiful ,I know, cause i'm making it today

37-Life is a Love song. You dance,cry,smile and dream and then it ends.

38-This year I learned to chase big dreams you gotta pause but you gotta never stop.

39-Let yourself change
Don’t let anyone
Tell you that
It’d be better
If you stayed the same.

40-Not everything that hurts you is bad for you.

41-The only way to look pretty is to THINK PRETTY.

42-Stop back to people who you had to leave in the first place.

43-Only fake love HURTS.

44-what’s SILENT is LISTENING.
what’s BROKEN isn’t DEAD.
what’s HURTING isn’t FOREVER.
what’s yours, is always coming.

45-Stop rushing , you can't go any faster than you're meant to go.

46-fools FALL in love , the wise RISE in it.

47-It's funny how we wait for love but don't give ourselves the love we need.

48-Leave people who don't bring you sunshine

49-Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.

50-There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you.

51-The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels.

52-"When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace."

53-The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.

54-We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.

55-Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!

56-Just say Alhamdulillah and remember your life is better than millions.

57-If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.

58-The people who matter will recognise who you are.

59-Once you choose hope, anything's possible. - Christopher Reeve

60-A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. BE AN OPTIMIST.

61-Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi

62-“No matter what has happened. No matter what you’ve done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you. I swear it.”

63-“And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars.”

64-Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.

65-Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.

66-If I love myself I love you. If I love you I love myself.

67-Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.

68-Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots.

69-As long as I am breathing, in my eyes, I am just beginning.

70-Sometimes you have to shut your eyes, so you can see the real beauty.

71-Take time like the river that never grows stale. Keep going and steady. No hurry, no rush.

72-“There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it.”

73-“Some beautiful paths can't be discovered without getting lost.”

74-“You get use to someone—start to like them, even—and they leave. In the end, everyone leaves.”

75-But whoever said that we always need a large place to get lost

76-What makes night within us may leave stars.

77-The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.

78-Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.

79-Cleverness is not wisdom.

80-Life is the flower for which love is the honey.

81-All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.

82-“The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it...”

83-“Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.”

84-“Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us.”

85-Change, like healing, takes time.

86-“do not look for healing
at the feet of those
who broke you”

87-“Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.

88-The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world.

89-“We are healed of a suffering only by experiencing it to the full.”

90-“The human heart has a way of making itself large again even after it's been broken into a million pieces.”

91-Great minds talk about ideas, average minds talk about events, and small minds talk about people. 

92-The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.

93-While you are upon the earth, enjoy the good things that are here.

94-I will shine even if no one sees my light.

95-But sky knows my name
      and it knows my heart.

96-It takes magic eyes to see magic life

97-You could be good
And still treated bad.
You are not what happens to you.
You are
What you do after
Whatever happens happens to YOU

98-I fall but always finally fly

99-Speek of your pain 
Sky is there to listen

100-Accept yourself and this world will have to.

101-“If an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends. If broken by an inside force, life begins. Great things always begin from the inside.”

102-The reason why we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind the scenes with everyone else’s highlight reel.

103-Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.

104-They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: Someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.

105-Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is the eternity.

106-Happiness is within. It has nothing to do with how much applause you get or how many people praise you. Happiness comes when you believe that you have done something truly meaningful.

107-Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.

108-Look up!!!
There are beautiful things happening in the sky

109-Tell the stars, I can shine for myself

110-You just decide what your values are in life and what you are going to do, and then you feel like you count, and that makes life worth living. It makes my life meaningful. 

111-If you don't follow your heart, you might spend the rest of your life wishing you had.

112-Hurting someone can be as easy as throwing a stone in the sea. But do you have any idea how deep that stone can go? BE A NICE HUMAN BEING.

113-Every human walks around with a certain kind of sadness. They may not wear it on their sleeves, but it’s there if you look deep.

114-Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.